README.md, before:

# Aurora
Python package for the creation of mock IFU observations out of numerical simulations of galaxies. Aurora can generate mock observations for H-alpha or HI using the whole physical and geometrical information of the particles in the simulation. Aurora works for simulations developed from the [RAMSES](https://bitbucket.org/rteyssie/ramses/src/master/) code or the [GADGET](https://wwwmpa.mpa-garching.mpg.de/gadget/) code. Therefore, this code can be easily adapted to work on other simulations with Adaptive Mesh Refinement (AMR) or for simulations with Smoothed Particle Hydrodynamics (SPH). 

Download the code by cloning the git repository using

```
$ git clone https://github.com/juan-pineda/Aurora.git
```

## Documentation

The documentation will be available in `/documentation` and in the Wiki of this repository.

## Requirements
* [Numpy](https://numpy.org/install/) version 1.14.2 or later
* [Astropy](https://www.astropy.org/) version 3.0.1 or later
* [Pympler](https://pympler.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) version 0.5 or later
* [Scipy](https://www.scipy.org/install.html) version 0.17 or later
* [Pynbody](https://pynbody.github.io/pynbody/installation.html) version 0.43 or later
* [Scikit_learn](https://scikit-learn.org/stable/install.html) version 0.19.1 or later

## Contributors
* Juan Pineda [@juan-pineda](https://github.com/juan-pineda)
* Valentin Perret [@perretv](https://github.com/perretv)
* Benoît Epinat
* Philippe Amram
* Rolando Carvajal  [@rolando980709](https://github.com/rolando980709)
* Juan Manuel Pacheco [@JuanManuelPacheco](https://github.com/JuanManuelPacheco)
* Diego Rueda  [@druedaplata](https://github.com/druedaplata)

Commit message:

add aurora path to readme

README.md, after:

# Aurora
Python package for the creation of mock IFU observations out of numerical simulations of galaxies. Aurora can generate mock observations for H-alpha or HI using the whole physical and geometrical information of the particles in the simulation. Aurora works for simulations developed from the [RAMSES](https://bitbucket.org/rteyssie/ramses/src/master/) code or the [GADGET](https://wwwmpa.mpa-garching.mpg.de/gadget/) code. Therefore, this code can be easily adapted to work on other simulations with Adaptive Mesh Refinement (AMR) or for simulations with Smoothed Particle Hydrodynamics (SPH). 

Download the code by cloning the git repository using

```
$ git clone https://github.com/juan-pineda/Aurora.git
```

After downloading the code, you need to add the repository location address to the python path:

```
$ nano ~/.bashrc
```

Add to end of bashrc:

```
#aurora path 
export PYTHONPATH=${PYTHONPATH}:/home/user_name/dir/Aurora/
```

Update shell:

```
$ source ~/.bashrc
```

Then you can import Aurora as a usual library in Python:

```python
import aurora
```

## Documentation

The documentation will be available in `/documentation` and in the Wiki of this repository.

## Requirements
* [Numpy](https://numpy.org/install/) version 1.14.2 or later
* [Astropy](https://www.astropy.org/) version 3.0.1 or later
* [Pympler](https://pympler.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) version 0.5 or later
* [Scipy](https://www.scipy.org/install.html) version 0.17 or later
* [Pynbody](https://pynbody.github.io/pynbody/installation.html) version 0.43 or later
* [Scikit_learn](https://scikit-learn.org/stable/install.html) version 0.19.1 or later

## Contributors
* Juan Pineda [@juan-pineda](https://github.com/juan-pineda)
* Valentin Perret [@perretv](https://github.com/perretv)
* Benoît Epinat
* Philippe Amram
* Rolando Carvajal  [@rolando980709](https://github.com/rolando980709)
* Juan Manuel Pacheco [@JuanManuelPacheco](https://github.com/JuanManuelPacheco)
* Diego Rueda  [@druedaplata](https://github.com/druedaplata)
